---
title: CCA Information
permalink: /students/cca-information/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h4><strong>Co-Curricular Activities (CCAs) offered by the School</strong></h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Uniformed Groups</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Sports &amp; Games</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Performing Arts</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Clubs / Societies</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>NCC</p></li><li><p>NPCC</p></li><li><p>Scouts</p></li><li><p>St.John Brigade</p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Basketball (Boys &amp; Girls)</p></li><li><p>Floorball<br>(Boys &amp; Girls</p></li><li><p>Football (Boys)</p></li><li><p>Table Tennis (Boys &amp; Girls)</p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Modern Dance</p></li><li><p>Choir</p></li><li><p>Guzheng Ensemble</p></li><li><p>Malay Dance</p></li><li><p>Band</p></li><li><p>Drama</p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>AVA Club</p></li><li><p>Infocomm Club</p></li><li><p>Library Club</p></li><li><p>Entrepreneurship Club</p></li></ol></td></tr></tbody></table><h4><strong>Aims of CCAs</strong></h4><p>CCAs and Character Development Programme form part of the holistic education provided by the school. The school’s co-curricular programme aims to develop pupils in the following areas:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>skills relevant to each CCA</p></li><li><p>character development</p></li><li><p>leadership development</p></li><li><p>a heart for community service</p></li></ol><h4><strong>Guidelines</strong></h4><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>As participation in CCA is an integral part of our education system, every pupil must be involved in at least one CCA.</p></li><li><p>At least 75% attendance is required for a pupil to qualify for certified participation. Participation must continue from Sec 1 to Sec 4 or 5.</p></li></ol><h4><strong>Recognition of Students' Co-Curricular Attainment</strong></h4><p>At the end of the graduating year, the student’s co-curricular attainment will be recognised according to the table below. The co-curricular attainment will be translated to bonus point(s) which can be used for admission to Junior Colleges / Polytechnics / Institutes of Technical Education (JC/Poly/ITE).</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Co-curricular Attainment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Descriptor</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Excellent&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The student has fulfilled the requirements for holistic development and achieve quality learning in the co-curriculum.&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Good</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The student has fulfilled the requirements for holistic development in the co-curriculum.&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fair</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The student is working towards holistic development in the co-curriculum.&nbsp;</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>For an Excellent co-curricular attainment, which is translated to two bonus points, the student should have attained a minimum Level 3 in all four domains with at least Level 4 in one domain.<br><br>For a Good co-curricular attainment, which is translated to one bonus point, the student should have attained a minimum Level 1 in all four domains with any one of the following:</p><p>i. At least Level 2 in three domains;<br>ii. At least Level 2 in one domain and at least Level 3 in another domain; or<br>iii. At least Level 4 in one domain.</p><p>A Fair co-curricular attainment will not translate into any bonus points as the student has not met the minimum criteria for a Good co-curricular attainment.</p><h4><strong>CCA Grading System</strong></h4><p>The CCA Grade obtained by the pupil is taken into consideration when he/she applies for admission to Junior Colleges, Millennia Institute and Polytechnics. For admission to Junior Colleges, bonus points will be awarded for an excellent CCA grade. For admission to the three-year pre-university course in Millennia Institute, the CCA grade may be used as one of the subjects to meet the entry requirements. For admission to a Polytechnic courses, a good CCA will give the applicant an edge over others with similar academic results.</p>