---
title: Secondary 1 (2024) eRegistration General Information (updated as of 21
  Dec 2023)
permalink: /news/latest-news-and-announcements/sec12024eregistration/
date: 2023-12-21
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong><u>General Information</u></strong></p><p>The Sec 1 (2024) Reporting and Registration exercise will be completed electronically. The main modes of communication channels will be via Parents Gateway (PG) and the school website.</p><p>Students and parents are not required to physically report to Dunearn Secondary School.</p><p>An info pack containing general information will be sent to parents via Parents Gateway (PG) following the release of the posting results. Parents can also access the info pack <a href="/files/S1__2024__e_Registration_General_Information__for_school_web__final.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>. <strong><u>Parents' acknowledgement to the PG form will serve as proof of registration</u></strong>. Thereafter, information regarding class allocation as well as the Sec 1 Orientation Programme (SOOP) form will be sent to parents via PG within three working days.</p><p>Parents or students without access to Parents Gateway may visit the school's General Office in person for manual registration.</p><p>Parents can email the school at <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">dunearn_ss@moe.edu.sg</a> or call the school at 65653692 for general queries.</p><p><strong><u>Purchase of Books, Stationeries and Uniforms</u></strong></p><p>Parents and students will have the following options to purchase their books and uniforms:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Online purchase order starting from the Sec 1 Posting Results day. Please click <a href="https://dyeducation.net/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to access the portal to purchase books, stationeries, and uniforms online. The password to access the portal is 668822.</p></li><li><p>Purchase from the school bookshop in person from the date of release of the posting result to within the first week of Jan 2024 during Sec 1 Orientation Programme (SOOP ) week.</p></li></ul><p>Click <a href="https://www.dunearnsec.moe.edu.sg/dss-pages/files-and-documents/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for the updated Sec 1 (2024) booklist.</p><p><strong><u>Transfer Into Dunearn Secondary School</u></strong></p><p>Please be informed that any transfer requests following the Sec 1 Posting Results are subject to special considerations and circumstances which will be referred to the Ministry of Education for evaluation and approval.</p><p>To request for transfer into Dunearn Secondary School, please email <a href="mailto:dunearn_ss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">dunearn_ss@moe.edu.sg</a> to obtain the online form to submit your application. Please note that applicants will be considered based on cut-off points and available vacancies. Applicants may be put on waiting list. While being on the waiting list, students should continue to report to their current posted school.</p><p><strong><u>Transfer Out of Dunearn Secondary School (due to medical reasons):</u></strong></p><p>To request for transfer out of Dunearn Secondary School due to medical reasons, please e-mail the school at <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">dunearn_ss@moe.edu.sg</a> or call the school at 65653692 for further assistance. Please note that transfer appeal out of Dunearn Secondary School for medical reasons must be submitted to the school by the next day from the date of the release of posting result. Applications will be reviewed and subject to MOE’s considerations and approval.</p>